[Music]
this man is no stranger to the history
of these woods nice old oak trees eeeh
the massive big ol tree these are
probably fall 500 years old Henry the
eighth's probably alive when these trees
were around he's probably done what I've
done just leant against it while he's
chasing the old deer almost like Robin
Hood country see a bloke come out and a
pair of tights in a minute it's John's
job to manage the deer here he's been a
London gamekeeper all his life there was
a female here a minute ago
she's got a baby somewhere right now
he's looking for a fool at the start of
the summer
the mothers stashed their young in the
grass at this time of year the females
are dangerous if they catch John
tampering with a young they'll attack
him got one just down here it's 20 feet
in front of me now hopefully if I can
just walk up to it just hold it you know
coming slowly keep it calm there's less
chance of it bleating but once it bleats
we've got some girls behind us some
Hinds
once he bleats we've got to get out fast
because they'll come running
john wants the tag the young dear
[Music]
they will not move anything catching it
is the easy part but avoiding the
attention of the females is the problem
you get an e tagging fast because get
out of here quick you come the girls
stay with me come sewer main you have to
be careful but I would back out now if I
were you guys she's gonna follow us see
just keep walking
the tags help track the forms as they
grow up come winter many of the deer
will have to be cold in the dead of the
night we don't like to live in an ideal
world where predators will take care of
things but we're not in that world no
more you know if you didn't Carly's deer
I mean they produced us between a
hundred and hundred and fifty babies
every year and you got to think you
money go give it three four years should
have doubled your herd size then
anything green you're looking at will be
gone sort of eat Nihal be nothing left
who wants a part like that
[Music]
[Applause]